Here we are going to test a slightly more difficult implementation problem. You're going to have to keep track
of some things, but there are multiple ways to do so. One is using a list of size N, which you can initialize to all 0s
with list comprehension like this:
new_list = [0 for i in range(N)] # creates a list of size N with all 0s
or you can use a dictionary (a map) to keep track of things. Either works.

Problem description: You are now the proud owner of N cats. Each of these cats loves to eat, however, you want
to keep track of the ones that become overweight. Each cat has a feeding session, which means it eats some amount of cat food
and gains that amount of weight. Given the number of cats, the amount of food they eat at a particular
instance in time and the amount of weight that is considered overweight, print the number of overweight cats. The cats are labeled
from 0 to N-1 (i.e if there are 3 cats, then the cat labels are 0, 1 and 2).

Input description: The first line of input will be an integer T, the number of test cases. T test cases will follow. The first
line of every test case will contain a three integers. The first integer is the number of cats, N, the second integer is the number
of feeding sessions (i.e. number of lines left in the input for that test case), F and the third integer is the "overweight" measure (i.e.
if a cat's weight is greater than or equal to this integer, it is overweight). F feeding sessions will follow. For each feeding session line,
there will be two integers. The first integer is the cat's label, the second integer is the amount of food it eats at that particular
time.

Output description: For each test case, print the number of overweight cats.

Example input:
1
3 5 7
0 5
1 2
0 2
1 1
2 9

Example output:
2

Explanation: First we start off with a weight of 0 for all 3 cats (labels are 0 1 and 2). We know the overweight limit is 7 and there
will be 5 feeding sessions. The first feeding session, cat 0 eats 5 pounds, thus cat 0 weighs 5 pounds now. The next session, cat 1
eats 2 pounds, thus cat 1 weighs 2 pounds now. The next session, cat 0 eats 2 more pounds, thus cat 0 now weighs 7 pounds. Then cat 1
eats 1 more pound, and cat 2 eats 9 pounds. If we look at the weights, cat 0 weighs 7 pounds, cat 1 weighs 2 pounds
and cat 2 weighs 9 pounds. Since 7 and 9 are both greater than or equal to 7, there are two overweight cats.
