Problem description: Congratulations! You are now Donald Trump's tax advisor. Donald Trump will give you
a list of integers representing the amount of money he made each month, and he wants to know if he needs to
file his taxes this year. In order to determine if he should file his taxes this year, he has given you a range
of integers. If the amount of money he made that year is inside of this range, that is, beginning of range <=
amount of money he made <= end of range, then he has to file his taxes. Otherwise, he doesn't.

Input description: The first line of input will be a single integer T, the number of test cases. T test cases
will follow. For each test case, you will be given 2 lines. The first line will contain two integers, the beginning
of a range and the end of a range. The second line will contain 12 space separate integers, where each integer
represents Donald Trump's revenue for that month.

Output description: For each test case, print "YES" if Donald Trump must file taxes and "NO" if he doesn't have to.

Tips:
For this problem, you will need to store the integers that specify the range as integers, not strings. So far, you're
only familiar with this way to do it:
a, b = input().split()
however, this will give you strings, and you want integers. To solve this issue, you can use map(function,iterable) to
cast both values to ints before you store them. map() takes in something that is callable in the left argument, and something
that is iterable in the right argument. For this problem, you will want to do the following:
a, b = map(int, input().split())
Here we take "int", and call it on every item in the iterable "input().split()", and create an iterable map object out of that.
Then, using the "a, b =" notation, we store the values in those variables. Let me know if you have questions.

Example Input:
3
1 5
1 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 1 0 0
2 4
1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
-5 9
-4 -2 -1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

Example output:
YES
NO
NO

Explanation:
For the first test case, the sum of his revenue for all 12 months is 5, which fits in the range (1,5) because
5 >= 1 and 5 <= 5. For the next test case, the sum is 12, but his range is (2,4), thus we print "NO". For the last
test case, we print "NO" because the sum is less than our begin value for our range.
