Here we are going to test classes a bit more. This time, I won't be giving you any pro tips. Use what you've
learned so far to solve the problem.

Problem description: You are the proud owner of CatsRUs, a store to buy cats of all kinds of breeds. You will be given
a bunch of cat types, the price for buying some number of a particular breed of cats in bulk and some orders for the cats
at your store (from customers). Your job is to find the profit, which is the amount of money you gained SELLING cats
minus the amount of money you spent BUYING the cats. To solve this problem, you MUST have a Store class and put your logic/code
inside of that class.

Input description: Like the last problem, you will not be given more than 1 test case. The first line of input will be 2 integers, N
and M. N represents the number of cats and M represents the number of orders. The next N lines contain a string and three ints. The string
represents the cat breed, the first int represents the number of cats of this breed that you can buy in bulk, the second int represents
the price of buying that number of cats of that breed in bulk and the third int represents the price in which YOU will sell ONE cat of that breed
to a customer. The next M lines will each contain a string and an int, the breed of the cat and
the amount of cats that the customer will be buying of that particular breed.

Output description: Whenever YOU buy some amount of a particular breed of cats in bulk, output "BUY <breed>".
At the end of the test case, output "PROFIT: <profit amount>".

Note: remember to add "self" as the first parameter for each class method. Remember that you are also allowed to use dictionaries
to keep track of whatever you need.

Example input:
3 5
blue 4 8 3
red 3 5 2
green 1 2 3
green 3
red 2
red 1
blue 5
blue 2

Example output:
BUY: green
BUY: green
BUY: green
BUY: red
BUY: blue
BUY: blue
PROFIT: 9

Explanation: Our first order is for 3 green cats. Currently, we have 0 in our inventory. Thus we must buy green cats in the bulk amount
given to us until we have enough. This amounts to 3 green cats for $2 each, which adds $6 to our total costs and $9 to our total revenue.
Our next order is for 2 red cats. We currently have 0 red cats in our inventory, so we need to buy in bulk until we have enough.
We can buy 3 red cats for $5, then sell 2 of them for $2 each (we will have one left over since the bulk amount was 1 more than the order), and add
$5 to our total costs and $4 to our total revenue. Then we have another order for a red cat, so we had $2 to our total revenue and $0 to our total
costs since we didn't have to buy another bulk amount. Note that the current total revenue is $15 and our current total cost is $11. Our
next order is for 5 blue cats. We currently have 0 in our inventory, so we need to buy in bulk until we get at least 5. This leads to us
buying 2 bulk orders (4 cats in each bulk order) for $8 each, thus we add $16 to our total cost. We then sell 5 of these for $3 each, which
adds $15 to our total revenue. Next we have an order for 2 more blue cats, which are $3 each, and since we still have 3 in our inventory
we can just add $6 to our total revenue. Now our total revenue is $36 and our total cost is $27, so we output 36 - 27 = 9 for our total profit.
